I understand, sir.
I call it
"Operation One-shot-two-kills."
Saving your daughter and getting them
at the same time. What do you think?
Isn't it a good plan?
Are you insane? They'll blow themselves up
if we fool them again.
But what?
I can't believe this.
My, this is so frustrating.
Teaching at the Military Academy
suits you better.
Why are you even the ANSP director?
Mr. Lee.
Are you all right?
Let go of him!
A gun in the medical kit.
SWAT team breaking in
via an emergency exit.
Are you all right, Mr. Lee?
Are you okay?
How could you make him suffer like that?
He's your hostage.
Is this really necessary?
Didn't you people kill Geum-cheol?
No, we didn't.
He took cyanide and dropped dead
according to that stupid manual of yours.
Drop dead?
Don't speak ill of our late comrade.
Do you understand?
You idiot!
Didn't I tell you
to always keep your temper?
Are you stupid? You're not even armed.
Don't cross the line.
If you want to maintain our mutual trust.
Should I see his wound?
You follow me.
I'll release some of the hostages.
Don't shoot!
You can come out.
It's all right.
Go.
It's okay. Don't worry.
Let's go!
-The hostages are coming out. Move!
-Help them to safety!
Go, go.
Hurry up!
Stop.
Get them into the ambulance
and the rest into the van.
Yes, sir.
Move it!
-Hey, leave right away.
-Yes, sir.
-Get them in now.
They're all being moved.
Make sure they all keep their mouths shut.
Yes, sir.
Well, I sent five injured students
to the ANSP-designated hospital.
And as for the remaining four,
I sent them to our agency for questioning.
-Salute!
Thank you for your hard work.
-Hello.
-Hello, ma'am.
What a surprise.
You guys must not have had anything to eat
since last night.
Hello, Mr. Nam.